Add contributing guidelines and LICENSE (#7)
helium/helium-vote: CONTRIBUTING.md

# How to Contribute to this repository #

We value contributions from the community and will do everything we
can go get them reviewed in a timely fashion. If you have code to send
our way or a bug to report:

* **Contributing Code**: If you have new code or a bug fix, fork this
  repo, create a logically-named branch, and [submit a PR against this

>   repo](https://github.com/helium/gateway-rs/issues). Include a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  repo](https://github.com/helium/helium-vote/issues). Include a
```

  write up of the PR with details on what it does.

* **Reporting Bugs**: Open an issue [against this

>   repo](https://github.com/helium/gateway-rs/issues) with as much

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  repo](https://github.com/helium/helium-vote/issues) with as much
```
